OSDOCS-16945# CQA work Stor1 - understanding ephemeral storage (#106594)
openshift/openshift-docs: storage/understanding-ephemeral-storage.adoc

:_mod-docs-content-type: ASSEMBLY
[id="understanding-ephemeral-storage"]
= Understanding ephemeral storage
include::_attributes/common-attributes.adoc[]
:toc:
:toc-title:
:context: understanding-ephemeral-storage

> toc::[]

Reviewer: I'm not familiar with this construct
```
:toc:
:toc-title:
```

I don't follow why it would change from `toc::[]`.

I'm not saying I'm right, just that it made me scratch my head 😂  If you can point me at a resource about this I would appreciate it so that I understand 🤓

Author: Fixed. I removed it. I must have added this by mistake and I can't think of any good reason for adding it.

> Ephemeral storage provides temporary per-pod storage for scratch data, caches, and logs that do not need to persist beyond the pod's lifetime. Understanding the different ephemeral storage types and their resource management helps you choose the right option for stateless workloads while preventing node storage exhaustion.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Ephemeral storage provides temporary per-pod storage for scratch data, caches, and logs that do not need to persist beyond the pod's lifetime. By understanding the different ephemeral storage types and their resource management, you can choose the right option for stateless workloads while preventing node storage exhaustion.
```

Removes anthrophomorphism.

Reviewer 2: SMEs review might be needed for these abstracts if they are new.

Author: Fixed.

[role="_abstract"]
To manage temporary data that exists only for the duration of a workload, review the properties of ephemeral storage. 
Ephemeral storage provides temporary per-pod storage for scratch data, caches, and logs that do not need to persist beyond the pod's lifetime. Understanding the different ephemeral storage types and their resource management helps you choose the right option for stateless workloads while preventing node storage exhaustion.

toc::[]

include::modules/storage-ephemeral-storage-overview.adoc[leveloffset=+1]

include::modules/storage-ephemeral-storage-types.adoc[leveloffset=+1]

include::modules/storage-ephemeral-storage-manage.adoc[leveloffset=+1]
include::modules/storage-ephemeral-storage-manage-overview.adoc[leveloffset=+1]

include::modules/storage-ephemeral-storage-manage-requests-and-limits.adoc[leveloffset=+2]

ifndef::openshift-dedicated,openshift-rosa,openshift-rosa-hcp[]
[id="additional-resources_{context}"]

> == Additional resources

Reviewer 2: Should the first add resources be of the format?

[role="_additional-resources"]
[id="additional-resources_{context}"]
== Additional resources

Reviewer: ```
[role="additional-resources"]
[id="additional-resources_{context}"]
== Additional resources
```

Is only for the assembly-level AR section that comes at the very end of the assembly. It is never valid at any other location.

Author: OK as-is.
